there you go so let me let me hear about
little belgica what what year is your
car right here on fest 2012 for mustang
v6 model okay all right it's all right
oh yeah horsepower so keeps up with the
GT right no miles per gallon yeah yeah
just about um yeah John's written it in
there we go I love it man I love it all
right Rondon I probably just do that
over at the Wilson so this dick hasn't
come back up here and grill us what
about you what's this thing over here
hey onda okay what yeah then we get some
facts man 9999 Honda is si oh it's not
an SI oh oh wow that sucks man you just
copied it tells you I did oh ok you
don't see a lip do you oh wow I guess
not like doing in Drupal all right and
this is mine over here 2007 BMW 328i
what is this John yes 328i it's my face
part as at 230 horsepower 204,000 oh
sure yeah i wish i wish to VJ totally
stock yeah I've got I've got three yeah
i've got 3 V Texan and I've got a Harvey
26 like a Ferrari motors got for our
motor yep manish am sick oh yeah the
Warthog engine right
alright well I what will spark it is
yeah wilson park will see you guys when
we get there
oh yeah
damn
that's pretty boss 44 is on this thing
man come on come on to my legs I can't
do that though yeah you're looking down
the logo it a couple real niggas any
better
I'm can change
free stuff